#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
albucore==0.0.24
    # via albumentations
albumentations==2.0.8
    # via doclayout-yolo
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
boto3==1.40.7
    # via magic-pdf
botocore==1.40.7
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via magic-pdf
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via magic-pdf
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   loguru
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via
    #   rapid-table
    #   robust-downloader
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dill==0.4.0
    # via magic-pdf
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
doclayout-yolo==0.0.2b1
    # via magic-pdf
fast-langdetect==0.2.5
    # via magic-pdf
fasttext-predict==0.9.2.4
    # via fast-langdetect
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via magic-pdf
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
loguru==0.7.3
    # via magic-pdf
magic-pdf[full]==1.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   magic-pdf
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   contourpy
    #   magic-pdf
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   rapid-table
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via magic-pdf
onnxruntime==1.22.1
    # via rapid-table
openai==1.99.8
    # via magic-pdf
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   rapid-table
    #   ultralytics
opencv-python-headless==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via magic-pdf
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   matplotlib
    #   rapid-table
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via onnxruntime
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   ultralytics
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   ultralytics
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via magic-pdf
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   magic-pdf
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pymupdf==1.24.14
    # via magic-pdf
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   magic-pdf
    #   omegaconf
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
rapid-table==1.0.5
    # via magic-pdf
regex==2025.7.34
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   fast-langdetect
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   rapid-table
    #   robust-downloader
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
robust-downloader==0.0.2
    # via fast-langdetect
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via magic-pdf
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   scikit-learn
    #   ultralytics
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via doclayout-yolo
shapely==2.1.1
    # via magic-pdf
simsimd==6.5.0
    # via albucore
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
stringzilla==3.12.6
    # via albucore
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
thop==0.1.1.post2209072238
    # via doclayout-yolo
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   magic-pdf
    #   thop
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
    #   ultralytics-thop
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   magic-pdf
    #   ultralytics
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   doclayout-yolo
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   magic-pdf
    #   openai
    #   robust-downloader
    #   transformers
    #   ultralytics
transformers==4.55.0
    # via magic-pdf
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
ultralytics==8.3.177
    # via magic-pdf
ultralytics-thop==2.0.15
    # via ultralytics
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via loguru
fastapi==0.115.12
uvicorn==0.34.2
huggingface_hub==0.34.4
modelscope==1.26.0
gunicorn==23.0.0
python-multipart==0.0.20
 #pip-tools
